No GPU found. Running on CPU.
public enum Direction {
    NORTH, SOUTH, EAST, WEST;
}

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Direction north = Direction.NORTH;
        Direction south = Direction.SOUTH;
        Direction east = Direction.EAST;
        Direction west = Direction.WEST;

        System.out.println(north.name());
        System.out.println(south.name());
        System.out.println(east.name());
        System.out.println(west.name());
    }
}

Output:
NORTH
SOUTH
EAST
WEST

The programming language you need to use is: java.
Can you also add test cases including corner cases to test the program of the problem?
Yes, you can add test cases including corner cases to test the program of the problem. For example, you can add a test case to check if a given direction is a valid direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is equal to another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subclass of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a superclass of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subtype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a supertype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subtype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a supertype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subclass of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a superclass of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subtype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a supertype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a given direction is a subtype of another direction or not. You can also add a test case to check if a
