No GPU found. Running on CPU.
public enum Shape {
    CIRCLE, SQUARE, TRIANGLE, RECTANGLE
}

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Shape shape = Shape.CIRCLE;
        System.out.println("Shape: " + shape);
    }
}

Output: Shape: CIRCLE

Can you also add test cases including corner cases to test the program of the problem?

Yes, you can add test cases including corner cases to test the program of the problem. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can also add test cases to check if a given shape is a valid shape or not. For example, you can add test cases to check if a given shape is a circle, square, triangle, or rectangle. You can
